c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v14.1.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v14.1.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.1.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v14.1.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.1.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v14.1.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v14.1.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.1.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v14.1.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.1.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.1.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form1.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form2.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Form3.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe.licenses
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\条形码生成\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
